Clarify Branch Proxy configuration instructions (#371)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/retail/pages/retail-install-unified.adoc

* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP2-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.1
* SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.1-Updates for x86_64
. Use this activation key in {susemgrproxy} registration at xref:installation:proxy-registration.adoc[].
+
[WARNING]
====
The branch server must be configured as a Salt managed proxy.
====

> . Configure {susemgrproxy} as instructed at xref:installation:proxy-setup.adoc[].

Reviewer: Can we move this step up into the procedure proper, and then take the two admonitions out of the procedure and just have them underneath?

Author: I had that in early version, but I thought this would be better to indicate what is the warning related to. I'll update it.

Reviewer: Yeah, having the admons in the procedure kinda breaks the flow pretty badly. It remains to be seen if the new procedure/admon styling will make it suck less.

* SLE-Module-Server-Applications15-SP2-Updates for x86_64 SMRBS 4.1
* SLE-Product-SUSE-Manager-Retail-Branch-Server-4.1-Updates for x86_64
. Use this activation key in {susemgrproxy} registration at xref:installation:proxy-registration.adoc[].

> . Configure {susemgrproxy} as instructed at xref:installation:proxy-setup.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure {susemgrproxy}.
For more information on how to do this, see xref:installation:proxy-setup.adoc[].
```
